Toxic 

Not the right person to have a family relationship
Extremely selfish and narcissistic behavior to allow breathing space to the other person. 

A dormant observer lurks inside,  
He knows how he can help,  how he can be a better person. 
He knows that he can switch into the sage mode and do good onto others . Like a flickering candle he gets blown off when pushed around for being soft.

Need to find a middle ground, build a tough exterior for negative energies and shine brilliantly by doing good. 
Person is capable of love,  receiving from others and giving it wholeheartedly to loved ones. 
Become mellow to close family and friends. 
Love makes the world better. 

---
Luck -

It is difficult to give up when you have put the effort to make it work for a long time. 
Sunken cost fallacy makes you prolong certain activities,  then there are some things that are easily given up, which leads to a life of mediocrity.  

Fight hard everyday to make the trajectory going upward, make your luck with constant effort to improve things constantly.  You set the timeline, grab every opportunity that comes your way. 
Make new opportunities by participating with others and talking to people about how to solve their current predicament. 

Each day making small progress, will lead to a week of consistent effort and a month of superb improvement towards the milestone. Small progress everyday is all that matters. 24 hour binge looks nice for dramatic effect,  7 days of 4 hours work brings actual progress. Keep building,  knowledge compunds for a long time till you reach eacape velocity and reach orbits of Giants. 