Swades - 3 - April 2024

- Dental - Revamp
- Remote Work - 9.00-1700 GMT+1 > 9 Days - Apr 22-May 4 
- Event preparations
- Morning Run - Tolankere/BVB ground
- Items 
    - Masala Box, Running shoes, Running T-shirts, Shoe-sole
    - Chilli powder, All types of spice, Drf fruits
    - Tulsi Saplings


Journey Summary 

Wedding of Sahana
Wedding preparations- 
Long term planning has made it easy in the penultimate days to execute the tasks required for the wedding. 

We had Arshina/turmeric ceremony, followed by Mehendi designs applied to all the ladies and girls in the family. The home was decked with   a Podium filled with fresh flowers and coconut leaves in a design made by local artisan. 

The heat wave was present all the way till Wedding day, the heavens were grateful and the skies opened in joy on 3 days during the wedding. The weather cooled down a notch making it less hot for the wedding ceremony. 

The cars were packed with all items organized meticulously by sister and mother. Close relatives had arrived at the same hotel to start the wedding ceremony on time the next day. 

Wedding Day 
Fresh flowers arrived at 6am, unlocking the doors of the Wedding hall for the first entrants of the day. 
The poojari's started setting up the central podium for wedding rituals. 

Filling up a pot of water for Gange pooja started the activities of the wedding. Welcoming the groom with both the families occurred next, there was an activity of placing a string of beads from either set of relatives. Along with the flute and dhol music instruments they entered the hall.

A Homa/fire was setup on the premises of the Ganesha temple to pray the Fire God and purification of ceremony. 


Starting a new project 

Setting up Sahana/ Nithish home 

Long goodbye 

Parents work with health issues 

Setting up systems to reduce pain
Household help
Grocery delivery
Vegetables delivery 
Logistics 

Future ToDo
Mom - mba courses- ignou / great lakes/ upgrad 

Appa - health checkup, dental correction,  monthly maintenance 

Sahana - job search,  new home acclimatize 

Nitish - Website and Gamification of training 
