Job

All jobs have the minimum requirements.
You turn up on time, you get the work done without mistakes.
Jobs are not easy or difficult. 
There is a learning curve for each of them.

You will be compensated based on how much you can create for the company.
Based on how risky the work entails, you will be graded.
Are you the final decision maker, are you someone just at the first step.
Everyone is necessary, what matters is how much value is creates in the world.

Collectively move the world forward, first move your own world forward. 
Where ever you are, you can do it. Stop listening to the voices of the world,
Go after your dream, it will come true if you follow the path.

--

No Excuses

With free intelligence available to help with any of your queries,
It is no longer an excuse to have not preparted well for any task.
Start to learn along with a tutor, understand the concepts clearly.
Give life to your ideas, nothing is impossible to accomplish.
You only need to be consistent to fix any problems that come along the way.
The gods are with you, open the gates of space travel.
Accelerate.

-- 

Find peace

How to find peace ?
Move to a silent location ,
stop looking for troubling information.
The world is at war, Find peace in your heart. Drop the misery and envy of others.


-- 

Bark shedding

After a heavy rain
Many trees have shed their old barl

It seemed as if the rain, had scrubbed off the old skin of the tress.
The tree stem looks clear and fresh compared to the brittle and rough patches a week before.
Maybe this is how the tree circles are formed in the stem, each year adds a new layer.