Frontier Science


Intelligence too cheap to meter.
We only need compite to run the best SOTA models. By itself they are incapable yet of Creating the future,but with direction and guidance they can soar to distant worlds. 
We thought it would be difficult for humans to build on Mars, who knew we could instead enable Humanoid and other robots to create the bunkers of human survival. 

Now you can create replica's of yourself.
Make interactions like characters of the game.
Whatever you can think, you can build with an intelligent guide to help. 
WYSIWYG- What you see is what you get.

WYTIWYB - What you think is what you build. 

The first acronym helped to build the web with colors, the next will build the robots on Mars.
Leviathan will awake on distant worlds in a matter of time. 

Lock in now, build the idea into an armada of robots. Learn to build and learn to teach the agent's,  like steam engine revolutionized physical human output to machine output. Frontier models will revolutionize human thinking into accelerated machine thinking. 
You can create clones of your own brain and let them build new paths. 

What can you build,  unburdened from what happened before. The future looks fantastic, all it requires is imagination and grit to make it work. Close out the waste entropy for old pathways. 
Let entropy build the machines for Mars.  
Enough compute is available,  time is of utmost essence for Sci-Fi Utopia.  Keep adding the brick on top of the previous. 100 lines of code is enough to make the progress with a month of push. Let compound interest make a positive impact in your work.
