Jetpack

How i imagined those lucid-dreams, flying above my home, bypassing the wires, going past the clouds.
Jetpack/Ironman-suit makes is possible to realise the dream without needing Superman like power. 
With batman/ironman/elon-musk level persistence, flying should be possible for you .

---
Learning
What can you learn with unlimited bandwidth, what experiments can you complete. 
How does free-space allows for large ideas to become fruitful ?
When the student is ready, a teacher appears. If you have internet, you can learn from 
MIT/Stanford/IIT professors on any topic. Learning is by choice, learning never stops.
There is always something new to learn.

---
Flashback 2012
The App we built was the only project with a frontend, backend, database and security. 
built completely by students, nobody in the college had built something similar like it before.
We were ahead in making a finished product. Still trying to find that atmosphere to build again.

-- 
Sustenance - Backpay
Parents neglected their career to give us a good and safe upbringing. 

Your progress has contributions from family,  make arrangement to provide part of income and time to help Parents at all times. 

-- 
NExt ?
When you can bring the change that you want in the world.
Last ten years. Internet access has rocketed.

What can be built with the new tools.
What you imagine and plan to build can be made possible.

Recollect your dreams, you can make the crazy idea come true. Science and technology are expanding with breakneck speed, you need to focus and push one bounday
