October 2024 - Life Update

At home in Hubli, to tie up a few loose ends.
Many things needed a bit of upkeep which required my presence/skills
and a lending hand to get things done in the household.

My own health needs fixing, Dental issue's will recur in the Wurzburg/Bavarian winter.
Have to fix everything before i need to travel back.

Finance is another monsterous avalanche waiting to make its kill again and respawn with increased debts.
It has taken me and family down many times already. Mountain's of debt have been up piling up exponentially.
I need to get a hold of my spending since my expected income will be stagnant for a year.
Only by selling a product will there be any change income and reduce the debts marginally. 
One large amount is needed to take a chunk out of the debts. Have to keep building the product,
its the only way to get it.

There are a few ideas that i would like to pursue. I believe i should make more time to explore them
atleast at the surface for financial viability.

First, Space Research and Operations tools.
Second, Humanoid Robots for household/Mars habitat
Third, Generative AI tools for Speech and Video Analysis.

Exptecd outcome is an intersection of all 3 ideas into a single product. 
Now the path can/should be acheived with daily experiments and expanding knowledge.

With the advent of  Assistive coding, more work can be accomplished by a smaller group of people.
You have to be hungrier and ambitious than your competitors. You should also be better and faster than,
you need to sustain the effort for 3 years on the same idea into completion. 
To make the idea into a product for someone to buy due its value.

The goal is not to learn new tools or pad the accomplishments on resume/cv, 
but to build things that create long-term value.
Nobody will provide you an invite to solve the problems of the world.
You have to observe them and fix things constantly. 
Do not build things for status and a title before your name.

Build things for your own problems, build things for curiosity, build things to expand knowledge of the world.